1-Write a query to create a database named "MyCustomDB" 

2)	Write a query to create a new table named
a)	"Employee" having columns  Employee l D, EmployeeName,Departmen tl D and DateOf Birth
b)	"Department" having  columns   Departmentl D  &  DepartmentName
c)	"Salary" having column  Departmentld, Employee I d and Salary

3-Insert 5 records in Employee, 3 records in Department and 2 records in Salary 

4-Show all employee records with their department name

5-Show distinct salary

6-Show employee name where department is 'HR'

7-Show Salary where salary is more than 1and less than 5000 or salary is null
  
8-Show list of employee and their salary from low to high in ascending order 

9-Show Departments where employee is not linked

10-Update employee salary by 1000

11- Delete department which is not in use

12-Show top 2 employee who's salary is max w.r.t salary table 

13-(a) Show employee whose salary is max

13-(b) Show employee who is most young

14-Show employee count who is from HR department

15-Show employees who are from department name start from 'dev' 

16-Show list of employee who's name contains letter K

17-Show list of employee who are born in year 1990 to 2020

18-Show list of employee who are working under 'HR' and 'Development' department

19-Show employee list with different alias than table column name with suitable name for reporting

20-Show list of employee from employee, department and salary table with using joining to show  EmployeeID, Name, Salary and  DepartmentName

21-Give an example of Inner join

22-Show an example of Left join and share why its used 

23-What is Right join and when to use it . Given an example
 
24-What is full join ?

25-When to use self join . Show an example

26-What is use of union and what is limitation of using union

27-When to use Group by and given an example of list of employee with sum of their salary 

28-when to use having clause and share one example

29-When to use Exists. Shown an Example

30-Give an example of Any and All and express why its used

31-How to insert data from one table to another using select into statement ? Give an example and share when to be used it .
 
32-When to use insert into and how its useful ?

33-When to use case and what problem can be fixed using it .

34-Write a store procedure  to having an input  Employee  I D based  on which employee details can be shown while executing it .

35-What is comment and SQL and when to use it ?

36-What are different operators in MSSQL given 2 examples

37-Create a new DB name "DBNeverExis ts" and write its drop query;. 

38-How to take backup and why its important ?

39-Create a new table "MyTable" and drop it

40-Create a new table "MyNewTable" with one column "Id" and once its created, add one more column on it using alter table statement 
 
41-What are constraints and when to use it . Given an example

42-Given an example of creating a column having not null option with it . 

43-Create a table to have only unique values in it .

44-Create a table having primary key with it .

45-Create two table and create a primary and foreign key relation with it . Also shown an example as how inserting a wrong data to 
ensure foreign key is restricting non existing data

46-Add a new column in any existing table and add a logic to have only limited values 

47-Create a table to hold a default values for a column

48-Create one index on existing table and show its example

49-Create a new table having option to increment its value by one without specifying its values 

50-Insert a current date in existing date field .

51-Create one view to show data from employee, department and salary table and write to show data from it .
 
52-What is injection and how to prevent it .

53-What are different data types in SQL server. Given three example

54-Write what are different keyword of SQL server. Give any five example.

